# Gekrüppeldings - Review and comment

> First released in Gekrüppelzine, September 2022 release

In this honest review and comment on *Gekrüppeldings* we're going to focus on the gigantic success the band already had, despite the fact that they haven't released any songs so far. This wouldn't hold the critics back to overwhelm the duo with awards and prices. I mean, forget about Gold or Platinum records. Recently, for example, *Gekrüppeldings* was awarded the **Nihilium** record, for being the most successful band while not having sold a single copy of their music. And I think it's clear that Nihilium is the rarest (black) metal and probably not even existing - just like *Gekrüppeldings*' music releases.  

Now, you might ask, how is this even possible? Well, you'll need to learn a lot, my friend. First of all, the name of the Band. *Gekrüppeldings*, seriously we weren't able to find any record about the word, even though there has been some controversy around the name for a while now, it was said it's not "politically correct". We asked my aunts cousin Erik who spent 3 weeks in Gemany. He thinks that the problem is with "Ding" that is part of the word and obviously means "dick", so "dings" must be "dicks". Honestly, we don't care. We could ask the band members, but it's completely impossible to get in touch with them really. Not even the names are a hundred per cent clear, but so far we know, it's two members. One, the female singer/multi-instrumentalist is called **Annika Doom** what we heard. The other member's name is **Alex Roth**. This sounds familiar, right? Correct. **Gorgo** is his brother.  

Then, there is the music. Eriks best friend once said: "_It's like a reincarnation of Elvis and Beethoven, doing Blackened Post Folk together._". I know what you're thinking. "'Blackened Post Folk' is an absolute understatement!". Right. In an interview that never happened, Alex said: "_Take any 5 random genres, listen to them at the same time, on double-speed, and you're not even close to what it sounds like_". Absoluetely mind blowing, isn't it? Where else you could replace the Theremin, a central instrument in most *Gekrüppeldings* creations, with a tambourine, without even changing the song's identity?

Last but not least, there is the mystery. Despite the fact that some people do question the Bands existence, far more people haven't even heard of them before. It's a total mystery. Just like Nihilium, *Gekrüppeldings* probably isn't even a thing. But then, we found someone who saw another guy wearing official merch! There are rumors that a close associate produced only a hand full of official t-shirts. Their value already is unquantifiable. Exciting, isn't it?

---
